You may decide that you want to be a scientist when you grow up.
Some of your friends may also decide this. Might their friends and
their friends' friends make this decision, too? If so, there will be
many scientists. But there still would be too few to find out all
that man wants to know. Are any two people exactly alike? Of course
not. Then no two scientists will be exactly alike. Since they differ
from each other, they will certainly approach research in somewhat
different ways. All scientists have several things in common. They
are all seeking the best possible explanation for the observed facts
of nature. They all express their explanations as hypotheses or as
statements of theory. But they do more than observe and describe what
they see. They try to explain and understand what they observe.
Understanding what they observe is
perhaps the most challenging problem of scientists. Since each
scientist is different from every other scientist, each one
approaches each problem in his own way. He is not bound by hard and
fast rules. Instead, he must be a creative person capable of using
imagination in creating new ways of looking at things he sees and of
using ideas that come to him. Scientists find that they do certain
kinds of things in creating their own way of working. Some of the
things they do are presented in alphabetical order on the chart on
page 11. Which of these things do you do when you want to find out
about something? Might you sometime do all of the things listed?
